Default cgroup driver to systemd from k8s 1.20 (#10419)
kubernetes/kops: docs/cluster_spec.md

### Configuration

It is possible to override the [containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/master/README.md) daemon options for all the nodes in the cluster. See the [API docs](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kops/pkg/apis/kops#ContainerdConfig) for the full list of options.

> Overriding the configuration of containerd has to be done with care as the default config may change with releases which can lead to incompatibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overriding the configuration of containerd has to be done with care as the default config may change with new releases and can lead to incompatibilities.
```
